alright resurrect films here and on
three we're here with Malcolm Stewart
welcome take a three week in how was
your weekend the weekend start off great
went out there for the practice did
pretty good in practice new at six in
both of them and got a got another heat
race win so that was good on that and
the main event started off and good and
me Anderson got together and we both
went down and I just try to work my way
back up to six and I think that's where
I finished so I mean I'm not going to
take anything away I think I really
great I'm proud of myself we changed
some you know some things this week and
you know my team's been working really
hard so I definitely couldn't do it
without them and I'm just going to look
forward to San Diego and look forward
outdoors round to 450 so take us through
what it took to uh to get to the point
of the heat win you know it's going to
be good what does that do for the team
it's definitely a big boost for the team
it definitely makes everybody look at me
you know we're all working so hard they
go out there and do it so you know we
got me cold Jessie and change so we're
all working everybody everyone on this
team can win a heat race and we all can
win a race so we just glad that we're
all working together and we're going to
use each other as one and you know try
to get the best of it for sure thank you
i think one of the big things that
people are going to be talking about was
the passer how did was go through head
on that one take us through that little
situation ah you know we went together
we came together after the whoops and i
jumped a triple and we both were jumping
two different opposite opposite sections
or kind of jump and we're both you know
trying to make it to the inside we just
came together you know you know I don't
think here you know what we actually
talked after the race and he says let's
just be cool and I said okay and we both
shook hands he said good ride and I said
be right back so there's no beef against
each other we're both just trying to go
to the same area at the same time and
you know you know two bikes are not
going to fit in there so that I have
nothing against in and
and you might have something against me
but I have nothing against any riders
out there so I'm just trying to be me
and go out there and ride you know go
out there and have fun we'll put man
thank you welcome Stewart and on three